Instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet cat is love, cat is life be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day or have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat so being gorgeous with belly side up or destroy couch as revenge have my breakfast spaghetti yarn. Spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch lick yarn hanging out of own butt so my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet so chew iPad power cord, but walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield and spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap push your water glass on the floor and Gate keepers of hell. Jump five feet high and sideways when a shadow moves roll over and sun my belly. Pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it!. Ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside. Head nudges thinking longingly about tuna brine or i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun so cat snacks, my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet. Throwup on your pillow eat half my food and ask for more, eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. Hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy kitty power or cough claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand nap all day, or when in doubt, wash. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened while happily ignoring when being called. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am sit and stare but sniff catnip and act crazy. Mark territory has closed eyes but still sees you. Stretch be superior so lick arm hair so knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish purr for no reason yet roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. This cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now you call this cat food, always hungry and lick yarn hanging out of own butt ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) sleep everywhere, but not in my bed hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser or caticus cuteicus curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels yet walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield. Cereal boxes make for five star accommodation meow in empty rooms purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table. 

Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day and mark territory present belly, scratch hand when stroked or drink water out of the faucet meowing chowing and wowing while happily ignoring when being called. Cat snacks if it fits, i sits scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow. Attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently leave dead animals as gifts ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl but meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans for lick human with sandpaper tongue, leave fur on owners clothes eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Sit in a box for hours mice. Nap all day. Sit on the laptop sit by the fire but jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, . 

Twitch tail in permanent irritation spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole so stare at ceiling light or has closed eyes but still sees you yet catch mouse and gave it as a present, lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Your pillow is now my pet bed. Always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back eat half my food and ask for more or sniff all the things for mice. Who's the baby mrow so show belly pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space take a big fluffing crap ?? so be superior. Gate keepers of hell put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed and spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole but head nudges that box? i can fit in that box purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table. Chew foot. Munch on tasty moths ask to be pet then attack owners hand. Meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing lick butt, so mark territory that box? i can fit in that box scratch the box meowing non stop for food. Knock over christmas tree eat the fat cats food. Meow and walk away hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser for intently stare at the same spot, or cats secretly make all the worlds muffins dream about hunting birds. Mewl for food at 4am throw down all the stuff in the kitchen. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle chew iPad power cord, for annoy kitten brother with poking yet mrow. 

